[Fleet] Document agent endpoints (#47146)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/fleet/agent_api_checkin.asciidoc

[[fleet-agent-checkin]]

> === Fleet agent checkin API

Reviewer: Are the API names frozen, or can they still be changed? This name seems potentially confusing for developer audiences. They might think the API is related to versioning because there are two meanings:  

- The developer checked in his source code.  
- I checked in with the receptionist.

Aside from the actual endpoint name, I noticed that the Kibana APIs all start with verbs. Here are some possible titles you can consider:

Report Fleet agent state API (titleabbrev would be Report agent state)
Post Fleet agent state API (titleabbrev would be Post agent state)
Update Fleet agent state API (titleabbrev would be Update agent state)

@KOTungseth You have more recent experience writing about APIs than I have. What would you suggest?

Reviewer 2: I changed a few of the API names, so I assume they are not frozen. My vote would be `Update Fleet agent state API`.

Reviewer 3: This API is not a common one to use, It would only be used by the creator of a piece of software that would connect directly to fleet and thus would be controlled by Fleet.

Its worth noting that we used checkin because it has both those meanings @dedemorton. This API serves the role of Agents updating fleet as to their state, but it also has agents getting the latest configuration, and commands from fleet as to what it needs to do

Reviewer: @mattapperson Does the stack have any other APIs that do something similar? I just don't expect users to think of "check in" when they're looking for an API that does what you describe. Anyhow, if you decide to keep the name, make short the short title follows are convention of starting with a verb.

Reviewer 3: No nothing else in the stack (Besides BeatsCM) does this. Arguably, this IS fleet

++++

> <titleabbrev>Agent checkin</titleabbrev>

Reviewer: See recommendations above

++++

> This API is used by a fleet agent to report is current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report current state of a Fleet agent.
```

[[fleet-agent-checkin-request]]
==== Request

`POST /api/fleet/agents/{agentId}/checkin` 

==== Headers

`kbn-fleet-access-token`::
  (Required, string) A fleet agent access token.

[[fleet-agent-checkin-request-body]]
==== Request body

`events`::
  (Required, array) An array of events with the properties `type`, `subtype`, `message`, `timestamp`, `payload`, and `data`.

`local_metadata`::

>   (Optional, object) an object that contains the local metadata for an agent. Metadata are a dictonary of strings (example: `{ "os": "macos" }`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, object) An object that contains the local metadata for an agent. The metadata is a dictionary of strings (example: `{ "os": "macos" }`).
```

Reviewer: I know that grammatically it makes sense to make metadata plural, but "Metadata are a dictionary" sounds odd to my ear because dictionary is single.

[[fleet-agent-checkin-request-request-codes]]
==== Response code

`200`:: 
    Indicates a successful call.
    
[[fleet-agent-checkin-example]]
==== Example

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------

> POST /api/fleet/agents/a4937110-e53e-11e9-934f-47a8e38a522c/checkin

Reviewer: Not sure the indentation in the output is what you are expecting (maybe you're using tabs and should use spaces instead)?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14206422/66243696-6687eb80-e6ba-11e9-91bc-a7d55e91c062.png)

Author: Good catch my IDE it's not handling asciidoc really well
